the Proverbs of Solomon a wise son makes
the Proverbs of Solomon a wise son makes a glad father but a foolish son is the
a glad father but a foolish son is the
a glad father but a foolish son is the grief of his mother treasures of
grief of his mother treasures of
grief of his mother treasures of wickedness profit nothing but
wickedness profit nothing but
wickedness profit nothing but righteousness delivers from death the
righteousness delivers from death the
righteousness delivers from death the Lord will not allow the righteous soul
Lord will not allow the righteous soul
Lord will not allow the righteous soul to famish but he casts away the desire
to famish but he casts away the desire
to famish but he casts away the desire of the wicked
he who as a slack hand becomes poor but
he who as a slack hand becomes poor but the hand of the diligent makes rich he
the hand of the diligent makes rich he
the hand of the diligent makes rich he who gathers in summer is a wise son he
who gathers in summer is a wise son he
who gathers in summer is a wise son he who sleeps in harvest is a son who
who sleeps in harvest is a son who
who sleeps in harvest is a son who causes shame blessings are on the head
causes shame blessings are on the head
causes shame blessings are on the head of the righteous but violence covers the
of the righteous but violence covers the
of the righteous but violence covers the mouth of the wicked the memory of the
mouth of the wicked the memory of the
mouth of the wicked the memory of the righteous is blessed but the name of the
righteous is blessed but the name of the
righteous is blessed but the name of the wicked will rot the wise in heart will
wicked will rot the wise in heart will
wicked will rot the wise in heart will receive commands but a prating fool will
receive commands but a prating fool will
receive commands but a prating fool will fall he who walks with integrity walks
fall he who walks with integrity walks
fall he who walks with integrity walks securely but he who pervert his ways
securely but he who pervert his ways
securely but he who pervert his ways will become known he who winks with the
will become known he who winks with the
will become known he who winks with the eye causes trouble but a prating fool
eye causes trouble but a prating fool
eye causes trouble but a prating fool before
the mouth of the righteous is a well of
the mouth of the righteous is a well of life but violence covers the mouth of
life but violence covers the mouth of
life but violence covers the mouth of the wicked hatred stirs up strife but
the wicked hatred stirs up strife but
the wicked hatred stirs up strife but love covers all sins wisdom is found on
love covers all sins wisdom is found on
love covers all sins wisdom is found on the lips of him who has understanding
the lips of him who has understanding
the lips of him who has understanding but a rod is for the back of him who is
but a rod is for the back of him who is
but a rod is for the back of him who is devoid of understanding wise people
devoid of understanding wise people
devoid of understanding wise people store up knowledge but the mouth of the
store up knowledge but the mouth of the
store up knowledge but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction the rich
foolish is near destruction the rich
foolish is near destruction the rich man's wealth is his strong City the
man's wealth is his strong City the
man's wealth is his strong City the destruction of the poor is their poverty
destruction of the poor is their poverty
destruction of the poor is their poverty the labor of the righteous leads to life
the labor of the righteous leads to life
the labor of the righteous leads to life the wages of the wicked to sin he who
the wages of the wicked to sin he who
the wages of the wicked to sin he who keeps instruction is in the way of life
keeps instruction is in the way of life
keeps instruction is in the way of life but he who refuses correction goes
but he who refuses correction goes
but he who refuses correction goes astray
whoever hides hatred has lying lips and
whoever hides hatred has lying lips and whoever spread slander is a fool
in the multitude of words sin is not
in the multitude of words sin is not lacking but he who restrains his lips is
lacking but he who restrains his lips is
lacking but he who restrains his lips is wise the tongue of the righteous is
wise the tongue of the righteous is
wise the tongue of the righteous is choice silver the heart of the wicked is
choice silver the heart of the wicked is
choice silver the heart of the wicked is worth little the lips of the righteous
worth little the lips of the righteous
worth little the lips of the righteous feed many but fools die for lack of
feed many but fools die for lack of
feed many but fools die for lack of wisdom the blessing of the Lord makes
wisdom the blessing of the Lord makes
wisdom the blessing of the Lord makes one rich and he adds no sorrow with it
one rich and he adds no sorrow with it
one rich and he adds no sorrow with it to do evil is like sport to a fool but a
to do evil is like sport to a fool but a
to do evil is like sport to a fool but a man of understanding has wisdom the fear
man of understanding has wisdom the fear
man of understanding has wisdom the fear of the wicked will come upon him and the
of the wicked will come upon him and the
of the wicked will come upon him and the desire of the righteous will be granted
desire of the righteous will be granted
desire of the righteous will be granted when the world wind passes by the wicked
when the world wind passes by the wicked
when the world wind passes by the wicked is no more but the righteous has an
is no more but the righteous has an
is no more but the righteous has an everlasting foundation as vinegar to the
everlasting foundation as vinegar to the
everlasting foundation as vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyes so is the
teeth and smoke to the eyes so is the
teeth and smoke to the eyes so is the lazy man to those who send him the fear
lazy man to those who send him the fear
lazy man to those who send him the fear of the Lord prolongs days but the years
of the Lord prolongs days but the years
of the Lord prolongs days but the years of the wicked will be shortened the hope
of the wicked will be shortened the hope
of the wicked will be shortened the hope of the righteous will be gladness but
of the righteous will be gladness but
of the righteous will be gladness but the expectation of the wicked will
the expectation of the wicked will
the expectation of the wicked will perish
perish
perish [Music]
[Music]
[Music] the way of the Lord is strength for the
the way of the Lord is strength for the
the way of the Lord is strength for the upright but destruction will come to the
upright but destruction will come to the
upright but destruction will come to the workers of iniquity the righteous will
workers of iniquity the righteous will
workers of iniquity the righteous will never be removed but the wicked will not
never be removed but the wicked will not
never be removed but the wicked will not inhabit the earth the mouth of the
inhabit the earth the mouth of the
inhabit the earth the mouth of the righteous brings forth wisdom but the
righteous brings forth wisdom but the
righteous brings forth wisdom but the perverse tongue will be cut out the lips
perverse tongue will be cut out the lips
perverse tongue will be cut out the lips of the righteous know what is acceptable
of the righteous know what is acceptable
of the righteous know what is acceptable but the mouth of the wicked
but the mouth of the wicked
but the mouth of the wicked what is perverse